=head1 NAME

Error Codes

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the error codes thrown by Wing's REST API. They map directly onto the W3C's standard HTTP status codes (L<http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html>). When functioning properly the web service will always return a 200 HTTP status code.

B<NOTE:> While the error codes documented here are returned as HTTP status codes, they are also returned in the JSON response of the body.



=head2 Client Errors

These are errors caused by the client providing invalid or outdated information.

=head3 404 Resource Not Found

The URI path you tried to call does not exist. See also C<440>.



=head2 Parameter Errors

These errors have to do with invalid parameters, missing parameters, or parameters specified out of range. The data section of the error will contain a string listing the parameter name having the problem.

=head3 440 Object Not Found

The object you requested doesn't exist. This refers to an object specified in the query string, not in the path. See also C<404>.

=head3 441 Missing Required Parameter

You're missing a required parameter. 

=head3 442 Out Of Range

The value specified for a field was out of range. If it's a numeric field make sure you're above the minumum and below the maximum. If it's an enumerated field make sure you've specfified an valid option. 

=head3 443 Not Available

The name or resource requested is already in use by someone else.

=head3 444 File Type Not Supported

You tried to upload a file that the system doesn't allow.

=head3 445 File Mismatch

You tried to assign a file to a field that doesn't match the field's criteria. For example you tried to assign a PDF to a field looking for images.

=head3 446 Payment Declined

For one reason or another the payment requested was declined. Usually due to typos, but could also do with credit card holds, insufficient funds, etc.



=head2 Account Errors

These errors have to do with authentication and authorization.

=head3 450 Insufficient Privileges

You do not have the privileges necessary to complete that operation.

=head3 451 Session Expired

The session you are using has expired. Request a new one before continuing.

=head3 452 RPC Request Limit Exceeded

You have exceeded the maximum number of requests allowed per minute. This exception is telling you to slow down so you don't denial of service the server with your requests.

=head3 453 Prequisite Failed

A prerequisite of performing the requested action has not been met.

=head3 454 Password Incorrect

The password you specified does not match our records.

=head2 455 Must verify humanity.

You need to answer a L<Captcha> to use the API you just tried to use.




=head2 Server Errors

These errors are systemic in nature. In general, these should never happen.

=head3 500 Undefined Error

An unhandled exception has occurred in the server. Under normal operating procedures this should never happen, as all exceptions should be trapped within the code and returned as a defined exception. Therefore this is an untrapped exception, and is in all cases a bug.

=head3 504 Could Not Connect

Could not connect to an external resource, such as a database or web service.




=cut

